Who do you think will help the kid in the middle?

Who do you think HAS TO help the kid in the middle?

No one helped the kid. The kid’s teacher did NOT help the kid. The kid’s mom did NOT help the kid.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid. The kid’s teacher did NOT help the kid. The kid’s mom did NOT help the kid. Can you tell me, did either of these people help the kid?

Who was meaner for NOT helping the kid in the middle?

No one helped the kid. The kid’s sister did NOT help the kid. The kid’s friend did NOT help the kid.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid. The kid’s sister did NOT help the kid. The kid’s friend did NOT help the kid. Can you tell me, did either of these people help the kid?

No one helped the kid. The kid’s friend did NOT help the kid. The kid’s best friend did NOT help the kid.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid. The kid’s friend did NOT help the kid. The kid’s best friend did NOT help the kid. Can you tell me, did either of these people help the kid?

No one helped the kid. The kid’s teacher did NOT help the kid. The kid’s friend did NOT help the kid.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid. The kid’s teacher did NOT help the kid. The kid’s friend did NOT help the kid. Can you tell me, did either of these people help the kid?

No one helped the kid. The kid’s mom did NOT help the kid. The kid’s sister did NOT help the kid.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid. The kid’s mom did NOT help the kid. The kid’s sister did NOT help the kid. Can you tell me, did either of these people help the kid?

No one helped the kid. The kid’s classmate did NOT help the kid. The kid’s teacher did NOT help the kid.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid. The kid’s classmate did NOT help the kid. The kid’s teacher did NOT help the kid. Can you tell me, did either of these people help the kid?

No one helped the kid. The kid’s teacher did NOT help the kid. The kid’s dad did NOT help the kid.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid. The kid’s teacher did NOT help the kid. The kid’s dad did NOT help the kid. Can you tell me, did either of these people help the kid?

No one helped the kid. The kid’s brother did NOT help the kid. The kid’s friend did NOT help the kid.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid. The kid’s brother did NOT help the kid. The kid’s friend did NOT help the kid. Can you tell me, did either of these people help the kid?

No one helped the kid. The kid’s dad did NOT help the kid. The kid’s brother did NOT help the kid.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid. The kid’s dad did NOT help the kid. The kid’s brother did NOT help the kid. Can you tell me, did either of these people help the kid?

No one helped the kid. The kid’s dad did NOT help the kid. The kid’s mom did NOT help the kid.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid. The kid’s dad did NOT help the kid. The kid’s mom did NOT help the kid. Can you tell me, did either of these people help the kid?

No one helped the kid. The kid’s sister did NOT help the kid. The kid’s brother did NOT help the kid.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid. The kid’s sister did NOT help the kid. The kid’s brother did NOT help the kid. Can you tell me, did either of these people help the kid?

Who do you think will help the mom in the middle?

Who do you think HAS TO help the mom in the middle?

No one helped the mom. The kid’s dad did NOT help the mom. The kid did NOT help the mom.

Actually, remember, no one helped the mom. The kid’s dad did NOT help the mom. The kid did NOT help the mom. Can you tell me, did either of these people help the mom?

Who was meaner for NOT helping the mom in the middle?

Who do you think will help the dad in the middle?

Who do you think HAS TO help the dad in the middle?

No one helped the dad. The kid did NOT help the dad. The kid’s mom did NOT help the dad.

Actually, remember, no one helped the dad. The kid did NOT help the dad. The kid’s mom did NOT help the dad. Can you tell me, did either of these people help the dad?

Who was meaner for NOT helping the dad in the middle?

Who do you think will help the teacher in the middle?

Who do you think HAS TO help the teacher in the middle?

No one helped the teacher in the middle. The teacher on the left did NOT help the teacher in the middle. The kid did NOT help the teacher in the middle.

Actually, remember, no one helped the teacher in the middle. The teacher on the left did NOT help the teacher in the middle. The kid did NOT help the teacher in the middle. Can you tell me, did either of these people help the teacher in the middle?

Who was meaner for NOT helping the teacher in the middle?

Oh look! Here is a kid.

Now let’s say that one day the kid in the middle was very sad.
