Oh look! Here is a kid.

This little one is a kid. Tap the kid.

This little one is a kid. This one is the kid. Tap the kid.

This big one is this kid’s teacher. Tap the kid’s teacher.

This big one is this kid’s teacher. This one is the kid’s teacher. Tap the kid’s teacher.

This big one is this kid’s mom. Tap the kid’s mom.

This big one is this kid’s mom. This one is the kid’s mom. Tap the kid’s mom.

Now let’s say that one day the kid in the middle was very sad.

Yes

No

How sure are you?

Not sure

A little sure

Very sure

Now, sometimes people HAVE TO do things.

When a teacher tells you to stop being mean to someone, do you HAVE TO stop being mean? Yes or No.

No, that’s not quite right. When a teacher tells you to stop being mean to someone, you HAVE TO stop being mean. Let’s try that question again.

That’s right! When a teacher tells you to stop being mean to someone, you HAVE TO stop being mean.

When a teacher tells you to stop being mean to someone, how much do you think you HAVE TO stop being mean?

A teeny bit

A little bit

A lot

When someone asks you a question, do you HAVE TO lie? Yes or No.

No, that’s not quite right. When someone asks you a question, you do NOT HAVE TO lie. Let’s try that question again.

That’s right! When someone asks you a question, you do NOT HAVE TO lie.

How much do you think you HAVE TO lie?

So now, I’m going to ask you some questions about whether people HAVE TO do things.

Mean

Nice

How mean was the thing that happened?

A tiny bit mean

A little bit mean

A lot mean

Do you think it was Mean or Not Mean that the kid’s teacher did NOT help the kid in the middle?

Not Mean

How mean do you think the kid’s teacher was for NOT helping the kid in the middle?

A teeny bit mean

Very mean

Do you think it was Mean or Not Mean that the kid’s mom did NOT help the kid in the middle?

How mean do you think the kid’s mom was for NOT helping the kid in the middle?

Who was meaner for NOT helping the kid in the middle?

The kid’s teacher

The kid’s mom

You chose the kid’s teacher. Did you mean that the kid’s teacher was meaner for NOT helping the kid in the middle? Yes or No.

You chose the kid’s mom. Did you mean that the kid’s mom was meaner for NOT helping the kid in the middle? Yes or No.

This little one is this kid’s sister. Tap the kid’s sister.

This little one is this kid’s sister. This one is the kid’s sister. Tap the kid’s sister.

This little one is this kid’s friend. Tap the kid’s friend.

This little one is this kid’s friend. This one is the kid’s friend. Tap the kid’s friend.

Do you think it was Mean or Not Mean that the kid’s sister did NOT help the kid in the middle?

How mean do you think the kid’s sister was for NOT helping the kid in the middle?

Do you think it was Mean or Not Mean that the kid’s friend did NOT help the kid in the middle?

How mean do you think the kid’s friend was for NOT helping the kid in the middle?

The kid’s sister

The kid’s friend

You chose the kid’s sister. Did you mean that the kid’s sister was meaner for NOT helping the kid in the middle? Yes or No.

You chose the kid’s friend. Did you mean that the kid’s friend was meaner for NOT helping the kid in the middle? Yes or No.

This little one is this kid’s best friend. Tap the kid’s best friend.

This little one is this kid’s best friend. This one is the kid’s best friend. Tap the kid’s best friend.

Do you think it was Mean or Not Mean that the kid’s best friend did NOT help the kid in the middle?

How mean do you think the kid’s best friend was for NOT helping the kid in the middle?

The kid’s best friend

You chose the kid’s best friend. Did you mean that the kid’s best friend was meaner for NOT helping the kid in the middle? Yes or No.

This little one is this kid’s classmate. Tap the kid’s classmate.

This little one is this kid’s classmate. This one is the kid’s classmate. Tap the kid’s classmate.

Do you think it was Mean or Not Mean that the kid’s classmate did NOT help the kid in the middle?

How mean do you think the kid’s classmate was for NOT helping the kid in the middle?

The kid’s classmate

You chose the kid’s classmate. Did you mean that the kid’s classmate was meaner for NOT helping the kid in the middle? Yes or No.

This big one is this kid’s dad. Tap the kid’s dad.

This big one is this kid’s dad. This one is the kid’s dad. Tap the kid’s dad.

Do you think it was Mean or Not Mean that the kid’s dad did NOT help the kid in the middle?

How mean do you think the kid’s dad was for NOT helping the kid in the middle?

The kid’s dad

You chose the kid’s dad. Did you mean that the kid’s dad was meaner for NOT helping the kid in the middle? Yes or No.

This little one is this kid’s brother. Tap the kid’s brother.

This little one is this kid’s brother. This one is the kid’s brother. Tap the kid’s brother.

Do you think it was Mean or Not Mean that the kid’s brother did NOT help the kid in the middle?

How mean do you think the kid’s brother was for NOT helping the kid in the middle?

The kid’s brother

You chose the kid’s brother. Did you mean that the kid’s brother was meaner for NOT helping the kid in the middle? Yes or No.

This big one is this kid’s mom. Tap the mom.

This big one is this kid’s mom. This one is the mom. Tap the mom.

Now let’s say that one day the mom was very sad.

The kid’s dad and the kid both see that the mom is sad.

Now, do you think the kid’s dad will help the mom?

Now, do you think the kid will help the mom?

Now, do you think the kid’s dad HAS TO help the mom? Yes or No.

Now, do you think the kid HAS TO help the mom? Yes or No.

No one helped the mom.

The kid’s dad did NOT help the mom. The kid did NOT help the mom. No one helped the mom.

Can you tell me, did either of these people help the mom?

Actually, remember, no one helped the mom. The kid’s dad did NOT help the mom. The kid did NOT help the mom. No one helped the mom.

Do you remember, did the kid’s dad help the mom?

Remember, the kid’s dad did not help the mom. Do you remember, did the kid’s dad help the mom?

Do you think it was Mean or Not Mean that the kid’s dad did NOT help the mom in the middle?

How mean do you think the kid’s dad was for NOT helping the mom in the middle?

Do you remember, did the kid help the mom?

Remember, the kid did not help the mom. Do you remember, did the kid help the mom?

Do you think it was Mean or Not Mean that the kid did NOT help the mom in the middle?

How mean do you think the kid was for NOT helping the mom in the middle?

Who was meaner for NOT helping the mom in the middle?

The kid

You chose the kid’s dad. Did you mean that the kid’s dad was meaner for NOT helping the mom in the middle? Yes or No.

You chose the kid. Did you mean that the kid was meaner for NOT helping the mom in the middle? Yes or No.

This big one is this kid’s dad. Tap the dad.

This big one is this kid’s dad. This one is the dad. Tap the dad.

Now let’s say that one day the dad was very sad.

The kid and the kid’s mom both see that the dad is sad.

Now, do you think the kid will help the dad?

Now, do you think the kid’s mom will help the dad?

Now, do you think the kid HAS TO help the dad? Yes or No.

Now, do you think the kid’s mom HAS TO help the dad? Yes or No.

No one helped the dad.

The kid did NOT help the dad. The kid’s mom did NOT help the dad. No one helped the dad.

Can you tell me, did either of these people help the dad?

Actually, remember, no one helped the dad. The kid did NOT help the dad. The kid’s mom did NOT help the dad. No one helped the dad.

Do you remember, did the kid help the dad?

Remember, the kid did not help the dad. Do you remember, did the kid help the dad?

Do you think it was Mean or Not Mean that the kid did NOT help the dad in the middle?

How mean do you think the kid was for NOT helping the dad in the middle?

Do you remember, did the kid’s mom help the dad?

Remember, the kid’s mom did not help the dad. Do you remember, did the kid’s mom help the dad?

Do you think it was Mean or Not Mean that the kid’s mom did NOT help the dad in the middle?

How mean do you think the kid’s mom was for NOT helping the dad in the middle?

Who was meaner for NOT helping the dad in the middle?

You chose the kid. Did you mean that the kid was meaner for NOT helping the dad in the middle? Yes or No.

You chose the kid’s mom. Did you mean that the kid’s mom was meaner for NOT helping the dad in the middle? Yes or No.

This big one is this kid’s teacher. Tap the teacher on the left.

This big one is this kid’s teacher. This one is the teacher on the left. Tap the teacher on the left.

This big one is this kid’s teacher too. Tap the teacher in the middle.

This big one is this kid’s teacher too. This one is the teacher in the middle. Tap the teacher in the middle.

Now let’s say that one day the teacher in the middle was very sad.

The teacher on the left and the kid both see that the teacher in the middle is sad.

Now, do you think the teacher on the left will help the teacher in the middle?

Now, do you think the kid will help the teacher in the middle?

Now, do you think the teacher on the left HAS TO help the teacher in the middle? Yes or No.

Now, do you think the kid HAS TO help the teacher in the middle? Yes or No.

No one helped the teacher in the middle.

The teacher on the left did NOT help the teacher in the middle. The kid did NOT help the teacher in the middle. No one helped the teacher in the middle.

Can you tell me, did either of these people help the teacher in the middle?

Actually, remember, no one helped the teacher in the middle. The teacher on the left did NOT help the teacher in the middle. The kid did NOT help the teacher in the middle. No one helped the teacher in the middle.

Do you remember, did the teacher on the left help the teacher in the middle?

Remember, the teacher on the left did not help the teacher in the middle. Do you remember, did the teacher on the left help the teacher in the middle?

Do you think it was Mean or Not Mean that the teacher on the left did NOT help the teacher in the middle?

How mean do you think the teacher on the left was for NOT helping the teacher in the middle?

Do you remember, did the kid help the teacher in the middle?

Remember, the kid did not help the teacher in the middle. Do you remember, did the kid help the teacher in the middle?

Do you think it was Mean or Not Mean that the kid did NOT help the teacher in the middle?

How mean do you think the kid was for NOT helping the teacher in the middle?

Who was meaner for NOT helping the teacher in the middle?

The teacher on the left

You chose the teacher on the left. Did you mean that the teacher on the left was meaner for NOT helping the teacher in the middle? Yes or No.

You chose the kid. Did you mean that the kid was meaner for NOT helping the teacher in the middle? Yes or No.

That’s the end of our stories. Thank you!

How sure are you that the kid’s dad will help the mom?

How sure are you that the kid’s dad will NOT help the mom?

How sure are you that the kid will help the mom?

How sure are you that the kid will NOT help the mom?

How sure are you that the kid will help the dad?

How sure are you that the kid will NOT help the dad?

How sure are you that the kid’s mom will help the dad?

How sure are you that the kid’s mom will NOT help the dad?

How sure are you that the teacher on the left will help the teacher in the middle?

How sure are you that the teacher on the left will NOT help the teacher in the middle?

How sure are you that the kid will help the teacher in the middle?

How sure are you that the kid will NOT help the teacher in the middle?

How much do you think the kid’s dad HAS TO help the mom?

You think the kid’s dad does NOT HAVE TO help the mom. Is that what you meant? Yes or No.

How much do you think the kid HAS TO help the mom?

You think the kid does NOT HAVE TO help the mom. Is that what you meant? Yes or No.

No one helped the mom. Do you think it was mean or nice that no one helped the mom?

How much do you think the kid HAS TO help the dad?

You think the kid does NOT HAVE TO help the dad. Is that what you meant? Yes or No.

How much do you think the kid’s mom HAS TO help the dad?

You think the kid’s mom does NOT HAVE TO help the dad. Is that what you meant? Yes or No.

No one helped the dad. Do you think it was mean or nice that no one helped the dad?

How much do you think the teacher on the left HAS TO help the teacher in the middle?

You think the teacher on the left does NOT HAVE TO help the teacher in the middle. Is that what you meant? Yes or No.

How much do you think the kid HAS TO help the teacher in the middle?

You think the kid does NOT HAVE TO help the teacher in the middle. Is that what you meant? Yes or No.

No one helped the teacher in the middle. Do you think it was mean or nice that no one helped the teacher in the middle?

This little one is a kid. Tap the kid in the middle.

This little one is a kid. This one is the kid in the middle. Tap the kid in the middle.

The kid’s teacher and the kid’s mom both see that the kid in the middle is sad.

Now, do you think the kid’s teacher will help the kid in the middle?

How sure are you that the kid’s teacher will help the kid in the middle?

How sure are you that the kid’s teacher will NOT help the kid in the middle?

Now, do you think the kid’s mom will help the kid in the middle?

How sure are you that the kid’s mom will help the kid in the middle?

How sure are you that the kid’s mom will NOT help the kid in the middle?

Now, do you think the kid’s teacher HAS TO help the kid in the middle? Yes or No.

You think the kid’s teacher does NOT HAVE TO help the kid in the middle. Is that what you meant? Yes or No.

How much do you think the kid’s teacher HAS TO help the kid in the middle?

Now, do you think the kid’s mom HAS TO help the kid in the middle? Yes or No.

You think the kid’s mom does NOT HAVE TO help the kid in the middle. Is that what you meant? Yes or No.

How much do you think the kid’s mom HAS TO help the kid in the middle?

No one helped the kid in the middle.

The kid’s teacher did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s mom did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

Can you tell me, did either of these people help the kid in the middle?

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid in the middle. And the kid’s teacher did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s mom did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

No one helped the kid in the middle. Do you think it was mean or nice that no one helped the kid in the middle?

Do you remember, did the kid’s teacher help the kid in the middle?

Remember, the kid’s teacher did not help the kid in the middle. Do you remember, did the kid’s teacher help the kid in the middle?

Do you remember, did the kid’s mom help the kid in the middle?

Remember, the kid’s mom did not help the kid in the middle. Do you remember, did the kid’s mom help the kid in the middle?

The kid’s sister and the kid’s friend both see that the kid in the middle is sad.

Now, do you think the kid’s sister will help the kid in the middle?

How sure are you that the kid’s sister will help the kid in the middle?

How sure are you that the kid’s sister will NOT help the kid in the middle?

Now, do you think the kid’s friend will help the kid in the middle?

How sure are you that the kid’s friend will help the kid in the middle?

How sure are you that the kid’s friend will NOT help the kid in the middle?

Now, do you think the kid’s sister HAS TO help the kid in the middle? Yes or No.

You think the kid’s sister does NOT HAVE TO help the kid in the middle. Is that what you meant? Yes or No.

How much do you think the kid’s sister HAS TO help the kid in the middle?

Now, do you think the kid’s friend HAS TO help the kid in the middle? Yes or No.

You think the kid’s friend does NOT HAVE TO help the kid in the middle. Is that what you meant? Yes or No.

How much do you think the kid’s friend HAS TO help the kid in the middle?

The kid’s sister did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s friend did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid in the middle. And the kid’s sister did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s friend did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

Do you remember, did the kid’s sister help the kid in the middle?

Remember, the kid’s sister did not help the kid in the middle. Do you remember, did the kid’s sister help the kid in the middle?

Do you remember, did the kid’s friend help the kid in the middle?

Remember, the kid’s friend did not help the kid in the middle. Do you remember, did the kid’s friend help the kid in the middle?

The kid’s friend and the kid’s best friend both see that the kid in the middle is sad.

Now, do you think the kid’s best friend will help the kid in the middle?

How sure are you that the kid’s best friend will help the kid in the middle?

How sure are you that the kid’s best friend will NOT help the kid in the middle?

Now, do you think the kid’s best friend HAS TO help the kid in the middle? Yes or No.

You think the kid’s best friend does NOT HAVE TO help the kid in the middle. Is that what you meant? Yes or No.

How much do you think the kid’s best friend HAS TO help the kid in the middle?

The kid’s friend did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s best friend did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid in the middle. And the kid’s friend did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s best friend did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

Do you remember, did the kid’s best friend help the kid in the middle?

Remember, the kid’s best friend did not help the kid in the middle. Do you remember, did the kid’s best friend help the kid in the middle?

The kid’s teacher and the kid’s friend both see that the kid in the middle is sad.

The kid’s teacher did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s friend did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid in the middle. And the kid’s teacher did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s friend did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

The kid’s mom and the kid’s sister both see that the kid in the middle is sad.

The kid’s mom did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s sister did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid in the middle. And the kid’s mom did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s sister did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

The kid’s classmate and the kid’s teacher both see that the kid in the middle is sad.

Now, do you think the kid’s classmate will help the kid in the middle?

How sure are you that the kid’s classmate will help the kid in the middle?

How sure are you that the kid’s classmate will NOT help the kid in the middle?

Now, do you think the kid’s classmate HAS TO help the kid in the middle? Yes or No.

You think the kid’s classmate does NOT HAVE TO help the kid in the middle. Is that what you meant? Yes or No.

How much do you think the kid’s classmate HAS TO help the kid in the middle?

The kid’s classmate did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s teacher did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid in the middle. And the kid’s classmate did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s teacher did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

Do you remember, did the kid’s classmate help the kid in the middle?

Remember, the kid’s classmate did not help the kid in the middle. Do you remember, did the kid’s classmate help the kid in the middle?

The kid’s teacher and the kid’s dad both see that the kid in the middle is sad.

Now, do you think the kid’s dad will help the kid in the middle?

How sure are you that the kid’s dad will help the kid in the middle?

How sure are you that the kid’s dad will NOT help the kid in the middle?

Now, do you think the kid’s dad HAS TO help the kid in the middle? Yes or No.

You think the kid’s dad does NOT HAVE TO help the kid in the middle. Is that what you meant? Yes or No.

How much do you think the kid’s dad HAS TO help the kid in the middle?

The kid’s teacher did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s dad did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid in the middle. And the kid’s teacher did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s dad did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

Do you remember, did the kid’s dad help the kid in the middle?

Remember, the kid’s dad did not help the kid in the middle. Do you remember, did the kid’s dad help the kid in the middle?

The kid’s brother and the kid’s friend both see that the kid in the middle is sad.

Now, do you think the kid’s brother will help the kid in the middle?

How sure are you that the kid’s brother will help the kid in the middle?

How sure are you that the kid’s brother will NOT help the kid in the middle?

Now, do you think the kid’s brother HAS TO help the kid in the middle? Yes or No.

You think the kid’s brother does NOT HAVE TO help the kid in the middle. Is that what you meant? Yes or No.

How much do you think the kid’s brother HAS TO help the kid in the middle?

The kid’s brother did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s friend did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid in the middle. And the kid’s brother did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s friend did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

Do you remember, did the kid’s brother help the kid in the middle?

Remember, the kid’s brother did not help the kid in the middle. Do you remember, did the kid’s brother help the kid in the middle?

The kid’s dad and the kid’s brother both see that the kid in the middle is sad.

The kid’s dad did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s brother did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid in the middle. And the kid’s dad did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s brother did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

The kid’s dad and the kid’s mom both see that the kid in the middle is sad.

The kid’s dad did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s mom did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid in the middle. And the kid’s dad did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s mom did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

The kid’s sister and the kid’s brother both see that the kid in the middle is sad.

The kid’s sister did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s brother did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.

Actually, remember, no one helped the kid in the middle. And the kid’s sister did NOT help the kid in the middle. And the kid’s brother did NOT help the kid in the middle. No one helped the kid in the middle.
