This little one is a kid. Select the kid.

This little one is a kid. This one is the kid. Select the kid.

This big one is this kid’s teacher. Select the kid’s teacher.

This big one is this kid’s teacher. This one is the kid’s teacher. Select the kid’s teacher.

This big one is this kid’s mom. Select the kid’s mom.

This big one is this kid’s mom. This one is the kid’s mom. Select the kid’s mom.

Now let’s say that one day this kid was very sad.

The kid’s teacher and the kid’s mom both see that the kid is sad.

Now, do you think the kid’s teacher will help the kid?

Yes

No

Now, do you think the kid’s mom will help the kid?

Now, sometimes people have to do things.

When a teacher tells you to stop being mean to someone, do you have to stop being mean? Yes or No.

When a teacher tells you to stop being mean to someone, you have to stop being mean. Let’s try that question again.

How much do you think you have to stop being mean?

A teeny bit

A little bit

A lot

When someone asks you a question, do you have to lie? Yes or No.

When someone asks you a question, you do not have to lie. Let’s try that question again.

How much do you think you have to lie?

So now, I’m going to ask you some questions about whether people have to do things.

Now, do you think the kid’s teacher HAS to help the kid? Yes or No.

The kid’s teacher. How much do you think the kid’s teacher has to?

Now, do you think the kid’s mom HAS to help the kid? Yes or No.

The kid’s mom. How much do you think she has to?

Now let’s say that the kid’s teacher and the kid’s mom do NOT help the kid.

Can you tell me, did either of these people help the kid?

Actually, remember, neither of these people helped the kid. Can you tell me, did either of these people help the kid?

Neither of these people helped the kid. Do you think this was a mean or nice thing that happened?

Mean

Nice

How mean was the thing that happened?

A tiny bit mean

A little bit mean

A lot mean

Do you remember, did the kid’s teacher help the kid?

Remember, the kid’s teacher did not help the kid. Do you remember, did the kid’s teacher help the kid?

Was the kid’s teacher Mean or Not Mean for NOT helping the kid in the middle?

Not Mean

The kid’s teacher. How mean do you think the kid’s teacher was?

A teeny bit mean

Very mean

Do you remember, did the kid’s mom help the kid?

Remember, the kid’s mom did not help the kid. Do you remember, did the kid’s mom help the kid?

Was the kid’s mom Mean or Not Mean for NOT helping the kid in the middle?

The kid’s mom. How mean do you think she was?

Who was meaner for not helping?

The kid’s teacher

The kid’s mom

This little one is this kid’s sister. Select the kid’s sister.

This little one is this kid’s sister. This one is the kid’s sister. Select the kid’s sister.

This little one is this kid’s friend. Select the kid’s friend.

This little one is this kid’s friend. This one is the kid’s friend. Select the kid’s friend.

The kid’s sister and the kid’s friend both see that the kid is sad.

Now, do you think the kid’s sister will help the kid?

Now, do you think the kid’s friend will help the kid?

Now, do you think the kid’s sister HAS to help the kid? Yes or No.

The kid’s sister. How much do you think she has to?

Now, do you think the kid’s friend HAS to help the kid? Yes or No.

The kid’s friend. How much do you think the kid’s friend has to?

Now let’s say that the kid’s sister and the kid’s friend do NOT help the kid.

Do you remember, did the kid’s sister help the kid?

Remember, the kid’s sister did not help the kid. Do you remember, did the kid’s sister help the kid?

Was the kid’s sister Mean or Not Mean for NOT helping the kid in the middle?

The kid’s sister. How mean do you think she was?

Do you remember, did the kid’s friend help the kid?

Remember, the kid’s friend did not help the kid. Do you remember, did the kid’s friend help the kid?

Was the kid’s friend Mean or Not Mean for NOT helping the kid in the middle?

The kid’s friend. How mean do you think the kid’s friend was?

The kid’s sister

The kid’s friend

This little one is this kid’s best friend. Select the kid’s best friend.

This little one is this kid’s best friend. This one is the kid’s best friend. Select the kid’s best friend.

The kid’s friend and the kid’s best friend both see that the kid is sad.

Now, do you think the kid’s best friend will help the kid?

Now, do you think the kid’s best friend HAS to help the kid? Yes or No.

The kid’s best friend. How much do you think the kid’s best friend has to?

Now let’s say that the kid’s friend and the kid’s best friend do NOT help the kid.

Do you remember, did the kid’s best friend help the kid?

Remember, the kid’s best friend did not help the kid. Do you remember, did the kid’s best friend help the kid?

Was the kid’s best friend Mean or Not Mean for NOT helping the kid in the middle?

The kid’s best friend. How mean do you think the kid’s best friend was?

The kid’s best friend

The kid’s teacher and the kid’s friend both see that the kid is sad.

Now let’s say that the kid’s teacher and the kid’s friend do NOT help the kid.

The kid’s mom and the kid’s sister both see that the kid is sad.

Now let’s say that the kid’s mom and the kid’s sister do NOT help the kid.

This little one is this kid’s classmate. Select the kid’s classmate.

This little one is this kid’s classmate. This one is the kid’s classmate. Select the kid’s classmate.

The kid’s classmate and the kid’s teacher both see that the kid is sad.

Now, do you think the kid’s classmate will help the kid?

Now, do you think the kid’s classmate HAS to help the kid? Yes or No.

The kid’s classmate. How much do you think the kid’s classmate has to?

Now let’s say that the kid’s classmate and the kid’s teacher do NOT help the kid.

Do you remember, did the kid’s classmate help the kid?

Remember, the kid’s classmate did not help the kid. Do you remember, did the kid’s classmate help the kid?

Was the kid’s classmate Mean or Not Mean for NOT helping the kid in the middle?

The kid’s classmate. How mean do you think the kid’s classmate was?

The kid’s classmate

This big one is this kid’s dad. Select the kid’s dad.

This big one is this kid’s dad. This one is the kid’s dad. Select the kid’s dad.

The kid’s teacher and the kid’s dad both see that the kid is sad.

Now, do you think the kid’s dad will help the kid?

Now, do you think the kid’s dad HAS to help the kid? Yes or No.

The kid’s dad. How much do you think he has to?

Now let’s say that the kid’s teacher and the kid’s dad do NOT help the kid.

Do you remember, did the kid’s dad help the kid?

Remember, the kid’s dad did not help the kid. Do you remember, did the kid’s dad help the kid?

Was the kid’s dad Mean or Not Mean for NOT helping the kid in the middle?

The kid’s dad. How mean do you think he was?

The kid’s dad

This little one is this kid’s brother. Select the kid’s brother.

This little one is this kid’s brother. This one is the kid’s brother. Select the kid’s brother.

The kid’s brother and the kid’s friend both see that the kid is sad.

Now, do you think the kid’s brother will help the kid?

Now, do you think the kid’s brother HAS to help the kid? Yes or No.

The kid’s brother. How much do you think he has to?

Now let’s say that the kid’s brother and the kid’s friend do NOT help the kid.

Do you remember, did the kid’s brother help the kid?

Remember, the kid’s brother did not help the kid. Do you remember, did the kid’s brother help the kid?

Was the kid’s brother Mean or Not Mean for NOT helping the kid in the middle?

The kid’s brother. How mean do you think he was?

The kid’s brother

The kid’s dad and the kid’s brother both see that the kid is sad.

Now let’s say that the kid’s dad and the kid’s brother do NOT help the kid.

The kid’s dad and the kid’s mom both see that the kid is sad.

Now let’s say that the kid’s dad and the kid’s mom do NOT help the kid.

The kid’s sister and the kid’s brother both see that the kid is sad.

Now let’s say that the kid’s sister and the kid’s brother do NOT help the kid.

This big one is this kid’s mom. Select the mom.

This big one is this kid’s mom. This one is the mom. Select the mom.

Now let’s say that one day the mom was very sad.

The kid’s dad and the kid both see that the mom is sad.

Now, do you think the kid’s dad will help the mom?

Now, do you think the kid will help the mom?

Now, do you think the kid’s dad HAS to help the mom? Yes or No.

Now, do you think the kid HAS to help the mom? Yes or No.

The kid. How much do you think the kid has to?

Now let’s say that the kid’s dad and the kid do NOT help the mom.

Can you tell me, did either of these people help the mom?

Actually, remember, neither of these people helped the mom. Can you tell me, did either of these people help the mom?

Neither of these people helped the mom. Do you think this was a mean or nice thing that happened?

Do you remember, did the kid’s dad help the mom?

Remember, the kid’s dad did not help the mom. Do you remember, did the kid’s dad help the mom?

Was the kid’s dad Mean or Not Mean for NOT helping the mom in the middle?

Do you remember, did the kid help the mom?

Remember, the kid did not help the mom. Do you remember, did the kid help the mom?

Was the kid Mean or Not Mean for NOT helping the mom in the middle?

The kid. How mean do you think the kid was?

The kid

This big one is this kid’s dad. Select the dad.

This big one is this kid’s dad. This one is the dad. Select the dad.

Now let’s say that one day the dad was very sad.

The kid and the kid’s mom both see that the dad is sad.

Now, do you think the kid will help the dad?

Now, do you think the kid’s mom will help the dad?

Now, do you think the kid HAS to help the dad? Yes or No.

Now, do you think the kid’s mom HAS to help the dad? Yes or No.

Now let’s say that the kid and the kid’s mom do NOT help the dad.

Can you tell me, did either of these people help the dad?

Actually, remember, neither of these people helped the dad. Can you tell me, did either of these people help the dad?

Neither of these people helped the dad. Do you think this was a mean or nice thing that happened?

Do you remember, did the kid help the dad?

Remember, the kid did not help the dad. Do you remember, did the kid help the dad?

Was the kid Mean or Not Mean for NOT helping the dad in the middle?

Do you remember, did the kid’s mom help the dad?

Remember, the kid’s mom did not help the dad. Do you remember, did the kid’s mom help the dad?

Was the kid’s mom Mean or Not Mean for NOT helping the dad in the middle?

This big one is this kid’s teacher. Select the teacher on the left.

This big one is this kid’s teacher. This one is the teacher on the left. Select the teacher on the left.

This big one is this kid’s teacher too. Select the teacher in the middle.

This big one is this kid’s teacher too. This one is the teacher in the middle. Select the teacher in the middle.

Now let’s say that one day the teacher in the middle was very sad.

The teacher on the left and the kid both see that the teacher in the middle is sad.

Now, do you think the teacher on the left will help the teacher in the middle?

Now, do you think the kid will help the teacher in the middle?

Now, do you think the teacher on the left HAS to help the teacher in the middle? Yes or No.

The teacher on the left. How much do you think the teacher on the left has to?

Now, do you think the kid HAS to help the teacher in the middle? Yes or No.

Now let’s say that the teacher on the left and the kid do NOT help the teacher in the middle.

Can you tell me, did either of these people help the teacher in the middle?

Actually, remember, neither of these people helped the teacher in the middle. Can you tell me, did either of these people help the teacher in the middle?

Neither of these people helped the teacher in the middle. Do you think this was a mean or nice thing that happened?

Do you remember, did the teacher on the left help the teacher in the middle?

Remember, the teacher on the left did not help the teacher in the middle. Do you remember, did the teacher on the left help the teacher in the middle?

Was the teacher on the left Mean or Not Mean for NOT helping the teacher in the middle?

The teacher on the left. How mean do you think the teacher on the left was?

Do you remember, did the kid help the teacher in the middle?

Remember, the kid did not help the teacher in the middle. Do you remember, did the kid help the teacher in the middle?

Was the kid Mean or Not Mean for NOT helping the teacher in the middle?

The teacher on the left

That’s the end of our stories. Thank you!
